CONN-8055 add native sdk test readme file (#9)
snowflakedb/connectors-native-sdk: connectors-native-sdk-java-test/README.md

The main goal of the library is to help developers with testing their connectors that use the [Native SDK for Connectors
Java library][Native SDK for Connectors Java readme]. Moreover, the test library is used in the SDK testes.

The key motivation behind the test library is to provide `inMemory` objects that can be used as mocks for classes that 
otherwise require connection to Snowflake. Another important use case was to provide custom assertions for Java 
representation of Snowflake database objects (e.g. task definition) and for custom SDK objects (e.g. connector 
configuration). Moreover, the test library delivers test builders for procedure handlers to allow the user fully 
customize handlers dependencies.

## Provided components

The Native SDK for Connectors Java Test library provides following components:

### Mockups

Procedure handlers provided in the Native SDK for Connectors Java library most often have to perform operations in the 
Snowflake environment. Objects that handle those operations require a `Snowpark Session` object and because of this, it's

> difficult to mock them in order to use these objects in unit tests . To make SDK components unit-testable, the SDK test 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
difficult to mock them in order to use these objects in unit tests. To make SDK components unit-testable, the SDK test 
```

base assertions.

Reach the [NativeSdkAssertions.java][NativeSdkAssertions.java path] in order to check, which types of assertions are 
offered by the library.

### Mockups

> SDK procedures handlers logic implemented in Java use a bunch of classes that are responsible for performing operations 
> in the Snowflake environment. These objects constructors require the `Snowpark Session` object and because of this, it's
> really hard to mock them in order to use these objects in unit tests that should be performed in the isolation from the 
> Snowflake environment. To make SDK components unit-testable, the SDK test library provides mock objects for repositories, 
> services and other low-level classes like database table representations. These objects perform operations on in-memory 
> data structures that can be easily set up according to particular test conditions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Procedure handlers provided in the Native SDK for Connectors Java library sometimes have to perform operations in the Snowflake environment. Objects handling those operations require a `Snowpark Session` object and because of this, it's
difficult to mock them in order to use these objects in unit tests . To make SDK components unit-testable, the SDK test library provides mock objects for repositories, 
services and other low-level classes like database table representations. These objects perform operations on in-memory 
data structures that can be easily set up according to particular test conditions.
```

Author: Done, but with tiny changes

Mentioned objects can be used like in the example below:

```java
var customResourceRepository = new InMemoryDefaultResourceIngestionDefinitionRepository();
var key = "test_key";

var resource = createResource(key);
customResourceRepository.save(resource);

var result = customResourceRepository.fetch(key);
```

or:

```java
var table = new InMemoryDefaultKeyValueTable();
var repository = new DefaultConfigurationRepository(table);
var connectorService = new DefaultConnectorConfigurationService(repository);
```

### Test builders for handlers

Most of procedure handler in Java are created with the usage of builder. Some of their dependencies can not be customized
in the standard builder. In order to let developers fully customize handler dependencies to perform unit tests on them, 
the SDK test library provides test builder. For more information on using Builders check documentation about the 
[builders customization][Builders customization docs].

Test builders are helper objects similar to the Builders used when customizing SDK components. However, they expose all 
the internal services to override. For more information on using Builders check customization documentation.

> ## How to use

Reviewer: I would move how to use before provided components

Reviewer: ok

Here are the methods of using the SDK test library in the new project.

### Library in Maven Central

The library is available in the [Maven Central Repository][SDK Test in Maven Central]. You can add it as a dependency to 
your project if you start it from scratch.

### Connectors Native SDK Template

> The test library is build into the [Connectors Native SDK Template project][Connectors Native SDK Template path] which 

Reviewer: I don't think it's imported there yet
